Magic SysRq Keys
To use, press Alt + SysRq + [Key]

Supported Keys:
0-9     Sets the console log level.
b       Immediately reboot.
c       Perform a system crash.
d       Dispaly all currently held locks. (Check CONFIG_LOCKDEP)
e       Send SIGTERM to all processes except init.
f       Calls oom_kill, which kills a process to free memory.
g       Provides emergency support for switching back to the kernel's framebuffer console, or the debugger 'kdb'.
h       Output a brief help message.
i       Send SIGKILL to all processes except init.
j       Forcibly thaw filesystems forze by FIFREEZE ioctl.
k       Kill all processes on the current virtual console. Also acts as a secure attention key.
l       Shows a static backtrace for all CPUs.
m       Output current memory information to the console.
n       Reset the nice level of all "high-priority" and "real-time" tasks.
o       Shut off the system.
p       Output the current registers and flags to the console.
q       Display all active high-resolution timers and clock sources.
r       Switch the keyboard from raw mode to XLATE mode.
s       Sync all mounted filesystems.
t       Output a list of current tasks and their information to the console.
u       Remount all mounted filesystems in read-only mode.
v       Forcefully restores framebuffer console. On ARM processors, this key causes an ETM buffer dump.
w       Display of all blocked (D state) tasks.
x       Used by xmon interface on PPC/PowerPC platforms.
y       Show global CPU registers.
z       Dump the ftrace buffer.

To safely reboot using the above keys, rememeber this acronym:
Reboot Even If System Utterly Broken (REISUB)

unRaw       Take control of the keyboard away from X.
 tErminate  Send SIGTERM to all processes.
 kIll       Send SIGKILL to all processes.
  Sync      Flush data to disk.
  Unmount   Remount all filesystems as read-only
reBoot      Restart the computer.

Warning:
Magic SysRq will NOT work when:
* init is successfully killed with a SEGV (segmentation fault)
* After a kernel panic.
* When there is any hardware or software failure where the kernel no longer runs correctly.
* When the maci SysRq key "c" is used, which causes a kernel panic.

